One of the misconceptions that I had going in was being labeled an electrician's
mate. And even though I dealt with a lot of electrical things,
you know, I was a mate for Electrician's, um, generally the first
six months that you that you're in the new power school deals with,
like teaching about electrician's and about electrical things. Electrical
equipment. However, once you become a new electrical operator,
you deal less with fixing things. Um, there's a caveat to that.
If you go on a submarine, then they don't have regular electrician's.
There are only nukes Nuke Electrician's. So then you're you're fixing
laundry machines and changing lights and, uh, changing out pumps.
And you know, there's there's only so many people on that ship. So
you're expected to do everything, however, on an aircraft care, which
is where I was, um, other electrician's. They take care of everything
above the plants below the plants. There aren't that many, um,
really complicated electrical things that you have to fix. Our goal
was just toe maintain things. So there's a turbine generator. You take
off everything, you dust it off, you increase it up and you put
it back. If there is something broken. Oh, yeah, You know, the they
tend toe pull in and they take off the whole entire machine and put
a whole new contraption on it. So I I didn't get so much of fixing things,
but I did become a much better operator. That's the difference
that that I found being a nuclear electrician's mate.